//Good ending
Nume
mers nord
batalie
echipare Sabie de lemn
mers est
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de fier
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers sud
mers sud
batalie
foloseste Potiune de viata
foloseste Potiune de viata
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de argint
foloseste Apa vindecatoare
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de diamant
mers nord
mers est
mers est
mers usa
ingenuncheaza
mers usa
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers est
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Gheara de demon
mers usa
batalie

//Bad ending
Nume
mers nord
batalie
echipare Sabie de lemn
mers est
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de fier
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers sud
mers sud
batalie
foloseste Potiune de viata
foloseste Potiune de viata
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de argint
foloseste Apa vindecatoare
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de diamant
mers nord
mers est
mers est
mers usa
batalie

//Lasitate
Nume
mers nord
batalie
echipare Sabie de lemn
mers est
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de fier
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers sud
mers sud
batalie
foloseste Potiune de viata
foloseste Potiune de viata
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de argint
foloseste Apa vindecatoare
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de diamant
mers nord
mers est
mers est
mers usa
ingenuncheaza
mers usa
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers est
mers usa

//Sacrificiu
Nume
mers nord
batalie
echipare Sabie de lemn
mers est
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de fier
mers vest
mers vest
mers est
mers sud
mers sud
batalie
foloseste Potiune de viata
foloseste Potiune de viata
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de argint
foloseste Apa vindecatoare
batalie
dezechipare
echipare Sabie de diamant
mers nord
mers est
mers est
mers usa
ingenuncheaza
mers usa
mers vest
mers vest
sacrificiu

//Eroare Nume


